Updated snapshot tests readme to emphasize not to update test snapshots manually (#14731)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/test/snapshots/README.md

For submitting changes to the snapshot test content, follow these steps:

-   Submit changes to the test content:

    -   Sync the content for the snapshot tests as mentioned [here](#Syncing-snapshot-tests-content).
    -   Go to the `content` subdirectory, create a new branch and update the snapshot content. DO NOT update the content manually. You should follow one of these:
        -   [Adding new snapshots](#Adding-new-snapshots-to-the-repo) - If you are adding new snapshots.
        -   [Updating existing snapshots](#Updating-existing-snapshots-in-the-repo) - If you updating existing snapshots.
    -   Create a commit and push the new branch.
    -   Create a PR against `main` branch in the [FluidFrameworkTestData](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFrameworkTestData) repo. Ensure the build passes, get the changes approved and merge the PR.
    -   Checkout `main` branch of FluidFrameworkTestData repo, i.e., in the `content/` folder and run `git pull` to ensure it has your new changes.

>     > Note: The snapshots in the FluidFrameworkTestData repo are exactly what is generated by the new / update scripts. They should not be modified manually. The idea is to preserve these snapshots as-is. The tests may normalize these snapshots when comparing / validating them but the original snapshot is not normalized or modified.

Reviewer: Could be nice to have a reference to `snapshotNormalizer.ts` somewhere in this README

Author: Good point. Added a section for it. Please take a look.

### The change to summary format is not backwards compatible or consistent

The most common cause of test failures is that the change that updates the summary format is not consistent and / or backwards compatible. Changes to summary format should be be done in a backwards compatible and eventual consistent way. Otherwise, old documents may stop working.

### Adding state that may not be the same at a given sequence number

If a change updates the summary by adding / updating state that is not the same at a given sequence number, the tests would fail. They compare summaries generated by different containers after they have processed up to specific sequence numbers. For example:

-   If an array or object is written in the summary, the snapshot comparison might fail if their elements are not in the same order.
-   Container runtime's metadata blob writes `summaryNumber` which is the number of summaries have happened in the container. In the test, containers process up to a sequence number starting from summaries taken at different points in time. So, `summaryNumber` would be different for them.

> In such cases, these states have to normalized before the comparison happens in the test. Add handling of such state to the `getNormalizedSnapshot` function in [snapshotNormalizer.ts](../../utils/tool-utils/src/snapshotNormalizer.ts) normalizes such state in the summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In such cases, these states have to normalized before the comparison happens in the test. Add handling of such state normalization to the `getNormalizedSnapshot` function in [snapshotNormalizer.ts](../../utils/tool-utils/src/snapshotNormalizer.ts).
```
nit
